# April 11th
### In-Class 10:15am

Discussed our presentation at the student symposium
* Uploaded pictures and names of people we presented too
** Jasmine Davis, Ben Evans, Amanda Kavars; images in folder

Talked about email sent to TDG earlier in the week about integrating software onto their system, have not heard back.

Devon showed group his efficency tests of the program with TDG's full dropbox.
* Talked about possible ways to improve efficiency.
** More threads in the thread pool (Currently five)
** Compiling program
** Pulling all files to the server during downtime (Most time spent downloading)

Discussed inconsistencies with TDG's dropbox naming conventions and how we plan to address them.

Talked about testing our program on a mac, which is the enviornment it will run on at TDG.
